doc: ug_thingy53: Improve user guide (#5596)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/shortcuts.txt

.. |vsc_extension_instructions| replace:: The `nRF Connect for Visual Studio Code`_ extension is a complete IDE for developing applications for nRF91, nRF53 and nRF52 Series devices. This includes an interface to the compiler and linker, an RTOS-aware debugger, a seamless interface to the nRF Connect SDK, and a serial terminal.

.. |VSC| replace:: nRF Connect for Visual Studio Code

> .. |thingy53_sample_note| replace:: If you use this sample with a Thingy:53, it enables additional features proper of Thingy:53-compatible application. See :ref:`thingy53_app_guide` for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. |thingy53_sample_note| replace:: If you use this application with Thingy:53, it complies with Thingy:53 application guide and enables additional features. See :ref:`thingy53_app_guide` for details.
```

> .. |thingy53_sample_note| replace:: If you use this application with Thingy:53, it enables additional features proper of Thingy:53-compatible application. See :ref:`thingy53_app_guide` for details.

Reviewer 2: If you build this application for the Thingy:53, ...

Author: fixed

> .. |thingy53_sample_note| replace:: If you build this application for Thingy:53, it enables additional features proper of Thingy:53-compatible application. See :ref:`thingy53_app_guide` for details.

Reviewer: @mia-ko 

> proper of -> proper to?
> As in appropriate to/belonging to.

Maybe it might be better just to cut the end off?

```suggestion
.. |thingy53_sample_note| replace:: If you build this application for Thingy:53, it enables additional features. See :ref:`thingy53_app_guide` for details.
```

Author: applied

Reviewer 2: > @mia-ko
> 
> > proper of -> proper to?
> > As in appropriate to/belonging to.
> 
> Maybe it might be better just to cut the end off?

Agree.

> .. |thingy53_sample_note| replace:: If you use this application with Thingy:53, it complies with Thingy:53 application guide and enables additional features. See :ref:`thingy53_app_guide` for details.

Reviewer 3: This description still mentions `complies with`.

Author: Applied change requested by @wiba-nordic. Now I rephrased it again. Please verify if it's ok

Reviewer: Oh, seems one of my suggestions has reverted to an unedited version I first made. For this line, I intended to suggest:
```suggestion
.. |thingy53_sample_note| replace:: If you use this application with Thingy:53, it enables additional features. See :ref:`thingy53_app_guide` for details.
```
